README.md, before:

This is the official Material Comic Viewer repository.

The app was released some time ago, but because of school I didn't have that much time to work on the app anymore. Because of this I decided to make the app open source. I hope fans of the app want to contribute into adding new features and just plain optimizing the app some more. I will also continue working on the app, but only when I find the time to do this.


Copyright 2015 Cédric Vandelaer

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use these source files except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Updated readme with Privacy Policy

README.md, after:

This is the official Material Comic Viewer repository.

The app was released some time ago, but because of school I didn't have that much time to work on the app anymore. Because of this I decided to make the app open source. I hope fans of the app want to contribute into adding new features and just plain optimizing the app some more. I will also continue working on the app, but only when I find the time to do this.

PRIVACY POLICY as required by Google Play
===========================
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Material Comic Viewer for mobile devices that was created by Cédric Vandelaer. The Application is a comic viewing application with support for cloud storage and some other features.

The app does not explicitly collect or use any confidential information. It does however make use of the Google+ account manager. The only collected data is through this account manager and this only applies for users that make use of the Google Drive cloud storage functionality. As stated above, this data does not get processed or used or send to third parties in any way. 

By using the Application, you are consenting to this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at cedric.vandelaer@gmail.com .

===========================

Copyright 2015 Cédric Vandelaer

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use these source files except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
